Add instructions to customize Kratos admin account (#244)
pixie-labs/pixie-docs: content/en/02-installing-pixie/03-install-guides/02-self-hosted-pixie.md

### Authentication using Kratos / Hydra

> Self-managed Pixie Cloud only supports one organization and precreates an admin account by default. The default user is created with `admin@default.com` as the email and with `admin` as the password. If you would like to change the admin user details, modify the email and password in `ADMIN_IDENTITY` in `k8s/cloud/base/ory_auth/kratos/kratos_deployment.yaml`. You will need to redeploy from scratch if you've already deployed with the default admin account, since the admin account has already been provisioned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to the admin account using `admin@default.com` for the email and `admin` for the password. 

If you would like to change the admin account credentials, modify the email and password values for the `ADMIN_IDENTITY` in `k8s/cloud/base/ory_auth/kratos/kratos_deployment.yaml`. You will need to redeploy from scratch if you've already deployed with the default admin account, since the admin account is automatically provisioned for you.
```
